Add page and revenue methods to Ruby destinations (#240)
avohq/docs: pages/implementation/start-custom-destination.mdx

    # TODO implement
  end

  def log_page(anonymous_id:, user_id:, page_name:, event_properties:)

>     # TODO implement
>   end
> 
>   def revenue(anonymous_id:, user_id:, amount:, event_properties:)
>     # TODO implement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # TODO: Log page view in your analytics SDK here
  end

  def revenue(anonymous_id:, user_id:, amount:, event_properties:)
    # TODO: Log revenue in your analytics SDK here
```
